General Disclaimer and Release  

Nothing contained herein constitutes tax, legal, insurance or investment advice, or the recommendation of or an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or invest in any investment product, vehicle, service or instrument. Historic market trends are not reliable indicators of actual future market behavior or future performance of any particular investment which may differ materially and should not be relied upon as such. The investment strategy and broad themes discussed herein may be inappropriate for investors depending on their specific investment objectives and financial situation. The information contained in these slides has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but not guaranteed. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. All investments involve a degree of risk, including the risk of loss. 

Each individual investor has their own investment horizon, appetite for risk, and ability to withstand a potential loss of some or all an investment's value. Graphs, charts, and tables are provided for illustrative and informational purposes only. Investing is subject to market risks. Investors acknowledge and accept the potential loss of some or all an investment's value. You can apply the same techniques contained herein to other tickers, but your results may vary based on different variables, including differences in IV and ticker share price. Views represented are subject to change at the sole discretion of @HermesLux, who does not undertake to advise you of any changes in the views expressed herein. 
